# 圣诞节起源 1
### Origins of Christmas 1

## 翻译

## 生词统计
｜ 单词 ｜ 音标 ｜ 翻译 ｜
｜-｜-｜-｜
｜  ｜  ｜  ｜

## 原文阅读
Christmas is the most widely celebrated holiday in the world today.

But how long has Christmas been around? And has it always been celebrated the same way?

For hundreds of years, many different cultures across Europe celebrated a yearly festival on December 21.

This day is known as the Winter Solstice.

This is a significant day because it is the shortest day of the year, meaning that this day has the least amount of time between sunup and sundown.

In ancient Rome, there were multiple celebrations associated with the solstice.

One of those celebrations was known as Saturnalia.

Saturnalia was a holiday honoring Saturn, the Roman god of agriculture.

The holiday began on December 17 and continued through December 23.

Saturnalia was a festive time when food and drink were plentiful.

During this season of fun, the normal social order would reverse, and the wealthy would turn control of the city over to the poor.

Businesses and schools would even close during the celebration, so that everyone could indulgee in the frivolity.

In Germany and regions further north, the Winter Solstice celebration was known as Yule.

During the Yule celebration, families would find the biggest log they could and bring it inside.

They would burn the log on their fireplace and attempt to keep the fire going for 12 days.

During the time the Yule log burned, there would be many days of festivities and revelry.

Yule wasn't an important holiday, because this was the time of years when animails were slaughtered.

And this was the only time of year when most people had fresh meat.

As part of the celebration, families would bring an evergreen tree into the home and decorate it.

The evergreen tree was the only type of tree that would stay green throughout the winter.

Therefore they viewed it as a symbol of continued life.

They also told stories of a mythical being, Odin, who flew through the sky during Yule to leave presents and sweets for children.

They also believed Odin would determine who would prosper and who would fail in the coming year.

These Winter Solstice traditions and many others helped lay the foundations for what would some day become Christmas.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2019/2019-September/Origins of Christmas 1.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>