docs/english/2020/February/Take Learning as a Lifelong Career.md, before:

# Take Learning as a Lifelong Career

### Take learning as a Lifelong Career

## 翻译
As food is to the body, so is learning to the mind.

Our bodies grow and muscles develop with the intake of adequate nutritious food.

Likewise, we should keep learning day by day to maintain our keen mental power and expand our intellectual capacity.

Constant learning supplies us with inexhaustible fuel for driving us to sharpen our power of reasoning, analysis, and judgment.

Learning incessantly is the surest way to keep pace with the times in the information age, and an infallible warrant of success in times of uncertainty.

Once learning stops, vegetation sets in.

It is a common fallacy to regard school as the only workshop for the acquisition of knowledge.

On the contrary, learning should be a never-ending process, from the cradle to the grave.

With the world ever changing so fast, the cease from learning for just a few days will make a person lag behind.

What's worse, the animalistic instinct dormant deep in our subconsciousness will come to life, weakening our will to pursue our noble ideal, sapping our determination to sweep away obstacles to our success and strangling for the refinement of our character.

Lack of learning will inevitably lead to the stagnation of the mind, or even worse, its fossilization.

Therefore, to stay mentally young, we have to take learning as a lifelong career.

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |


## 原文阅读
As food is to the body, so is learning to the mind.

Our bodies grow and muscles develop with the intake of adequate nutritious food.

Likewise, we should keep learning day by day to maintain our keen mental power and expand our intellectual capacity.

Constant learning supplies us with inexhaustible fuel for driving us to sharpen our power of reasoning, analysis, and judgment.

Learning incessantly is the surest way to keep pace with the times in the information age, and an infallible warrant of success in times of uncertainty.

Once learning stops, vegetation sets in.

It is a common fallacy to regard school as the only workshop for the acquisition of knowledge.

On the contrary, learning should be a never-ending process, from the cradle the the grave.

With the word ever changing so fast, the cease from learning for just a few days will make a person lag behind.

What's worse, the animalistic instinct dormant deep in our subconsciousness will come to life, weakening our will to pursue our noble ideal, sapping our determination to sweep away obstacles to our success and strangling for the refinement of our character.

Lack of learning will inevitably lead to the stagnation of the mind, or even worse, its fossilization.

Therefore, to stay mentally young, we have to take learning as a lifelong career.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2020/February/Take%20Learning%20as%20a%20Lifelong%20Career.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>

Commit message:

Take Learning as a Lifelong Career --add translate words--

docs/english/2020/February/Take Learning as a Lifelong Career.md, after:

# 将学习视为终身事业

### Take learning as a Lifelong Career

## 翻译
As food is to the body, so is learning to the mind.

Our bodies grow and muscles develop with the intake of `adequate` `nutritious` food.

Likewise, we should keep learning day by day to maintain our `keen` mental power and expand our intellectual `capacity`.

Constant learning supplies us with `inexhaustible` fuel for driving us to sharpen our power of reasoning, analysis, and judgment.

Learning `incessantly` is the surest way to keep pace with the times in the information age, and an `infallible` `warrant` of success in times of uncertainty.

Once learning stops, vegetation sets in.

It is a common `fallacy` to regard school as the only workshop for the acquisition of knowledge.

On the contrary, learning should be a never-ending process, from the `cradle` to the grave.

With the world ever changing so fast, the cease from learning for just a few days will make a person lag behind.

What's worse, the animalistic instinct `dormant` deep in our `subconsciousness` will come to life, weakening our will to pursue our noble ideal, sapping our determination to sweep away obstacles to our success and strangling for the `refinement` of our character.

Lack of learning will `inevitably` lead to the `stagnation` of the mind, or even worse, its `fossilization`.

Therefore, to stay mentally young, we have to take learning as a lifelong career.

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| adequate | ˈædɪkwət | adj. 充足的、适当的、胜任的 |
| nutritious | nuˈtrɪʃəs | adj. 有营养的、滋养的 |
| keen | kiːn | adj. 敏锐的、敏捷的、渴望的、强烈的； n. 痛哭、挽歌 |
| capacity | kəˈpæsəti | n. 能力、容量、资格、地位 |
| inexhaustible | ˌɪnɪɡˈzɔːstəbl | adj. 用不完的、不知疲倦的 |
| incessant | ɪnˈsesnt | adj. 不断的、不停的、连续的 |
| infallible | ɪnˈfæləbl | adj. 绝对可靠的、绝无错误的； n. 永远正直的人、绝无谬误的事物 |
| warrant | ˈwɔːrənt | n. 根据、证明、正当理由、委任状； v. 保证、批准、担保 |
| fallacy | ˈfæləsi | n. 谬论、谬误 |
| cradle | ˈkreɪdl | n. 摇篮、发源地、发祥地； v. 抚育、把...放在摇篮里 |
| dormant | ˈdɔːrmənt | adj. 休眠的、静止的、睡眠状态的 |
| subconscious | ˌsʌbˈkɑːnʃəs | adj. 潜意识的、下意识的 |
| noble | ˈnoʊbl | adj. 高尚的、贵族的、惰性的、宏伟的； n. 贵族； v. 抓住、逮捕 |
| refinement | rɪˈfaɪnmənt | n. 改进、改善、有教养、精制、文雅 |
| inevitable | in'evitəbl | adj. 不可避免的 |
| stagnation | stæɡˈneɪʃn | n. 停滞、滞止 |
| fossilization | ˌfɑːsələˈzeɪʃn | n. 石化、僵化 |


## 原文阅读
As food is to the body, so is learning to the mind.

Our bodies grow and muscles develop with the intake of adequate nutritious food.

Likewise, we should keep learning day by day to maintain our keen mental power and expand our intellectual capacity.

Constant learning supplies us with inexhaustible fuel for driving us to sharpen our power of reasoning, analysis, and judgment.

Learning incessantly is the surest way to keep pace with the times in the information age, and an infallible warrant of success in times of uncertainty.

Once learning stops, vegetation sets in.

It is a common fallacy to regard school as the only workshop for the acquisition of knowledge.

On the contrary, learning should be a never-ending process, from the cradle the the grave.

With the word ever changing so fast, the cease from learning for just a few days will make a person lag behind.

What's worse, the animalistic instinct dormant deep in our subconsciousness will come to life, weakening our will to pursue our noble ideal, sapping our determination to sweep away obstacles to our success and strangling for the refinement of our character.

Lack of learning will inevitably lead to the stagnation of the mind, or even worse, its fossilization.

Therefore, to stay mentally young, we have to take learning as a lifelong career.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2020/February/Take%20Learning%20as%20a%20Lifelong%20Career.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>
