# 但是你没有...
### But You Didn't
>本诗是以为普通美国妇女写给其在越战中阵亡的丈夫的，字句间饱含深切的爱意与思念。为等待丈夫，作者终身守寡，直至去世，其深情感动了无数人。

## 翻译
#### Remember the day I `borrowed` your brand new car and `dented` it? I thought you'd kill me, but you didn't.
#### And remember the time I dragged you to the beach, and you said it would rain, and it did. I thought you'd say, "I told you so." But you didn't.
#### Do you remember the time I `flirted` with all the guys to make you `jealous`, and you were? I thought you'd leave, but you didn't.
#### Do you remember the time I forgot to tell you the dance was formal and you showed up in jeans? I thought you'd drop me, but you didn't.
#### Yes, there were lots of things you didn't do. But you put up with me, and loved me, and protected me.
#### There were lots of things I wanted to make up to you when you returned from `Vietnam`.
#### But you didn't.

## 生词统计
| 单词    | 音标 | 翻译 |
| ------- | ---- | ---- |
| borrow  |      |      |
| dent    |      |      |
| flirt   |      |      |
| jealous |      |      |
| Vietnam |      |      |

## 原文阅读
Remember the day I borrowed your brand new car and dented it? I thought you'd kill me, but you didn't.

And remember the time I dragged you to the beach, and you said it would rain, and it did. I thought you'd say, "I told you so." But you didn't.

Do you remember the time I flirted with all the guys to make you jealous, and you were? I thought you'd leave, but you didn't.

Do you remember the time I spilled strawberry pie all over your car rug? I thought you'd hit me, but you didn't.

And remember the time I forgot to tell you the dance was formal and you showed up in jeans? I thought you'd drop me, but you didn't.

Yes, there were lots of things you didn't do. But you put up with me, and loved me, and protected me.

There were lots of things I wanted to make up to you when you returned from Vietnam.
But you didn't.