# 为生活而工作，还是为工作而活
### Working to live or living to work

## 翻译

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| strange |  |  |

## 原文阅读
I read a study yesterday. It said that last year, more than half of us actually choose not to take our full vacations from our jobs.

Question: Don't you think it's crazy that so many of us go into work even when we don't need to be there? Times we could be on the beach buried in sand or traveling the earth, we spend it in the office, traveling from desk to desk, buried in paperwork.

See, in this chaotic world, everything gose so fast. We're so busy -- seems like everyone's middle name is "Multitask." But now, now before you go and act all holier-than-thou, how many extra tabs do you have open on your computer right now?

See, we all need time to get away from the race, for our family, friends, for the sake of our mental state, time to rewind, recharge, and reconnect -- not reporting to the office on emails that should be on redirect.

Because life, ladies and gentlemen, is all about moments. No one in history has ever been able to hold on to one -- not a single soul. And you never get them back. See, there one gose!

No do over, no rewind, no DVD root menu to skip to a previous scence. Ask yourself, how many trips did you almost take? How many sights have you almost seen? How many moments have you lost thinking about the next one? Thinking that once you get this or get there, maybe that will be the best one?

Life has taught me that all we will ever have is "now." But let me be perfectly clear, I'm not to saying to quit your job, even though I know you deserve a six-month vacation, twice a year.

But how about small steps? Short trips with long dances, no distractions. Spend time with family instead of coworkers, meditation instead of aggravation. Replace our screensavers with sunrises, Palm Pilots with palm trees, jammed copy machines with -- man, I really hate jammed copy machines.

The most precious thing we have in life are moments. Let's make the most of them before they disappear. Let's see the world while we still can and cherish those while they're still here.

Because when our lives are almost over, it won't matter how much money we made, or hours we worked, or times we got Employee of the Month.

What we will look back on are the memories we made, the hours we spend with those we loved, and were we Father of the Month, Monther of the Year, Friend of a Lifetime.

Holidays should be a time where we go away and come together. From now on, let's take our whole vacation and be fully present -- creating memories that will last forever.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyresources2019.github.io/2019-July/Working to live or living to work.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>
