docs/english/2019/2019-October/The Serenity of the Moment.md, before:

# 享受此刻的宁静
### The Serenity of the Moment

## 翻译

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读
It was one warm evening many years age.

After spending nearly every waking minute with Angel for eight straight days, I knew that I had to tell her just one thing.

So late at night, just before she fell asleep, I whispered it in her ear.

She smiled -- the kind of smile that makes me smile back -- and she said:"When I'm seventy-five and I think about my life and what it was like to be young, I hope that I can remember this very moment."

A few seconds later she closed her eyes and fell asleep.

The room was peaceful -- almost silent. All I could hear was the soft purr of her breathing.

I stayed awake thinking about the time we'd spent together and all the choices in our lives that made this moment possible.

And at some point, I realized that it didn't matter what we'd done or where we'd gone. Nor did the future hold any significance.

All that mattered was the serenity of the moment. Just being with her and breathing with her.

We must not allow the clock, the calendar, and external pressures to rule our lives and blind us to the fact that each individual moment of our lives is a beautiful mystery and a miracle -- especially those moments we spend in the presence of a loved one.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2019/2019-October/The%20Serenity%20of%20the%20Moment.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>

Commit message:

The serenity of the Moment --add translate original--

docs/english/2019/2019-October/The Serenity of the Moment.md, after:

# 享受此刻的宁静
### The Serenity of the Moment

It was one warm evening many years ago.

After spending nearly every waking minute with Angel for eight straight days, I knew that I had to tell her just one thing.

So late at night, just before she fell asleep, I whispered it in her ear.

She smiled -- the kind of smile that makes me smile back -- and she said:"When I'm seventy-five and I think about my life and what it was like to be young, I hope that I can remember this very moment."

A few seconds later she closed her eyes and fell asleep.

The room was peaceful -- almost silent. All I could hear was the soft purr of her breathing.

I stayed awake thinking about the time we'd spent together and all the choices in our lives that made this moment possible.

And at some point, I realized that it didn't matter what we'd done or where we'd gone. Nor did the future hold any significance.

All that mattered was the serenity of the moment. Just being with her and breathing with her.

We must not allow the clock, the calendar, and external pressures to rule our lives and blind us to the fact that each individual moment of our lives is a beautiful mytery and a miracle -- especially those moments we spend in the presence of a loved one.

## 翻译

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读
It was one warm evening many years ago.

After spending nearly every waking minute with Angel for eight straight days, I knew that I had to tell her just one thing.

So late at night, just before she fell asleep, I whispered it in her ear.

She smiled -- the kind of smile that makes me smile back -- and she said:"When I'm seventy-five and I think about my life and what it was like to be young, I hope that I can remember this very moment."

A few seconds later she closed her eyes and fell asleep.

The room was peaceful -- almost silent. All I could hear was the soft purr of her breathing.

I stayed awake thinking about the time we'd spent together and all the choices in our lives that made this moment possible.

And at some point, I realized that it didn't matter what we'd done or where we'd gone. Nor did the future hold any significance.

All that mattered was the serenity of the moment. Just being with her and breathing with her.

We must not allow the clock, the calendar, and external pressures to rule our lives and blind us to the fact that each individual moment of our lives is a beautiful mystery and a miracle -- especially those moments we spend in the presence of a loved one.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2019/2019-October/The%20Serenity%20of%20the%20Moment.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>
