docs/english/2019-January/致终将远行的孩子.md, before:

# 致终将远行的孩子
### On Children
>爱阅读-《先知》 by 纪伯伦

### 翻译

### 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读
And a woman who held a babe against her bosom said, speak to us of Children.

And he said:

Your Children are not your children.

They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.

They come through you but not from you, and though they are with you yet they belong not to you.

You may give them your love but not your thoughts, for they have their own thoughts.

You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.

You may strive to be like them, but seek not to make them like you.

For life gose not backward nor tarries with yesterday.

You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.

The archer sees the mark upon the path of the infinite, and he bends you with his might that his arrows may go swift and far.

Let your bending in the archer's hand be for gladness, for even as he loves the arrow that flies, so he loves also the bow that is stable.

>纪·哈·纪伯伦（Kahlil Gibran），黎巴嫩诗人、画家、被称为‘体术天才’、‘黎巴嫩文坛骄子’，代表作品有《我的心灵告诫我》《先知》《论友谊》等。纪伯伦是阿拉伯文学的主要奠基人，爱与美是其作品的主旋律。

Commit message:

Fear or Love -- the Secret of Life --add original & --

docs/english/2019-January/致终将远行的孩子.md, after:

# 致终将远行的孩子
### On Children
>爱阅读-《先知》 by 纪伯伦

### 翻译
And a woman who held a babe against her bosom said, speak to us of Children.
And he said:
Your children are not your children.
They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.
They come through you but not from you, and though they are with you yet they belong not to you.
You may give them your love but not your thoughts, for they have their own thoughts.
You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.
You may strive to be like them, but seek not to make them like you.
For life gose not backward nor tarries with yesterday.
You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.
The archer sees the mark upon the path of the infinite, and he bends you with his might that his arrows may go swift and far.
Let your bending in the archer's hand be for gladness, for even as he loves the arrow that flies, so he loves also the bow that is stable.


### 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读
And a woman who held a babe against her bosom said, speak to us of Children.

And he said:

Your Children are not your children.

They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.

They come through you but not from you, and though they are with you yet they belong not to you.

You may give them your love but not your thoughts, for they have their own thoughts.

You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.

You may strive to be like them, but seek not to make them like you.

For life gose not backward nor tarries with yesterday.

You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.

The archer sees the mark upon the path of the infinite, and he bends you with his might that his arrows may go swift and far.

Let your bending in the archer's hand be for gladness, for even as he loves the arrow that flies, so he loves also the bow that is stable.

>纪·哈·纪伯伦（Kahlil Gibran），黎巴嫩诗人、画家、被称为‘体术天才’、‘黎巴嫩文坛骄子’，代表作品有《我的心灵告诫我》《先知》《论友谊》等。纪伯伦是阿拉伯文学的主要奠基人，爱与美是其作品的主旋律。
