# 乔布斯斯坦福演讲 4
### Thoughts on Death
>Steve Jobs 对死亡的思考

## 翻译
My third story is about death.

When I was 17, I read a quote that went something like:"If you live each day as if it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right."

It made an `impression` on me, and since then, for the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself:"If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?"

And whenever the answer has been "No" for to many days in a row, I know I need to change something.

Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever `encountered` to help me make the big choices in life.

Because almost everything -- all `external` expectations, all pride, all fear of `embarrassment` or failure -- these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is trully important.

Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.

You are already `naked`. There is no reason not to follow your heart.

About a year ago I was `diagnosed` with cancer.

I had a scan at 7:30 in the morning, and it clearly showed a `tumor` on my `pancreas`. I didn't even know what a pancreas was.

The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is `incurable`, and that I should expect to live no longer than three to six months.

My doctor advised me to go home and get my `affairs` in order, which is doctor's code for prepare to die.

It means to try and tell your kids everything you thought you'd have the next ten years to tell them in just a few months.

It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it will be as easy as possible for your family. It means to say your goodbyes.

I lived with that diagnosis all day.

Later that evening I had a `biopsy`, where they `stuck` an `endoscope` down my `throat`, through my `stomach` and into my `intestines`, put a needle into my pancreas and got a few cells from the tumor.

I was `sedated`, but my wife, who was there, told me that when they viewed the cells under a microscope the doctors started crying because it turned out to be a very `rare` form of pancreatic cancer that is curable with `surgery`.

I had the surgery and thankfully I'm fine now.

This was the closest I've been to facing death, and I hope it's the closest I get for a few more decades.

Having lived throught it, I can now say this to you with a bit more certainty than when death was a useful but `purely` `intellectuall` `concept`: No one wants to die.

Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there.

And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever eacaped it.

And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of life.

It is life's change agent. It clears out the old to make for the new.

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读
My third story is about death.

When I was 17, I read a quote that went something like:"If you live each day as if it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right."

It made an inpression on me, and since then, for the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself:"If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?"

And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.

Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life.

Because almost everything -- all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure -- these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.

Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.

You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.

About a year ago I was diagnosed with cancer.

I had a scan at 7:30 in the morning, and it clearly showed a tumor on my pancreas. I didn't even know what a pancreas was.

The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is incurable, and that I should expect to live no longer than three to six months.

My doctor advised me to go home and get my affairs in order, which is doctor's code for prepare to die.

It means to try and tell your kids everything you thought you'd have the next ten years to tell them in just a few months.

It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it will be as easy as possible for your family. It means to say your goodbyes.

I lived with that diagnosis all day.

Later that evening I had a biopsy, where they stuck an endoscope down my throat, through my stomach and into my intestines, put a needle into my pancreas and got a few cells from the tumor.

I was sedated, but my wife, who was there, told me that when they viewed the cells under a microscope the doctors started crying because it turned out to be a very rare form of pancreatic cancer that is curable with surgery.

I had the surgery and thankfully I'm fine now.

This was the closest I've been to facing death, and I hope it's the closest I get for a few more decades.

Having lived through it, I can now say this to you with a bit more certainty than when death was a useful but purely intellectual concept: No one wants to die.

Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there.

And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it.

And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of life.

It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make for the new.