docs/oral/essay/Describe a type of transport you like the most.md, before:

# Describe a type of transport you like the most
### It could be bicycle, automobile, or train. Explain why you like this transport

## 翻译

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
| - | - | - |
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读

When I'm commuting within the city, I prefer to take the metro. Compared with other means of transport, I think metro is the most efficient and the most reliable, especially in Beijing. You never have to worry about the traffic, and delays almost never happen. The only problem is that you have to put up with all the pushing and shoving during rush hour.

When I'm travelling long distance, I prefer to take the high-speed trains. That is when I have the choice not to take the plane. Trains are out of the question when I'm travelling across the ocean. But when I'm travelling back and forth within China, I go for the high-speed trains most of the time, because they are a lot less hassle and the seats are more comfortable.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresourcesoral/essay/Describe%20a%20type%20of%20transport%20you%20like%20the%20most.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>

Commit message:

Describe a type of transport you like the most --add translate original--

docs/oral/essay/Describe a type of transport you like the most.md, after:

# Describe a type of transport you like the most
### It could be bicycle, automobile, or train. Explain why you like this transport

## 翻译
When I'm commuting within the city, I prefer to take the metro. Compared with other means of transport, I think metro is the most efficient and the most reliable, especially in Bejing. You never have to warry about the traffic, and delays almost never happen. The only problem is that you have to put up with all the pushing and shoving during rush hour.

When I'm travelling long distance, I prefer to take the high-speed trains. That is when I have the choice not to take the plane. Trains are out of the question when I'm travelling across the ocean. But when I'm travelling back and forth within China, I go for the high-speed trains most of the time, because they are a lot less hassle and the seats are more comfortable.

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
| - | - | - |
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读

When I'm commuting within the city, I prefer to take the metro. Compared with other means of transport, I think metro is the most efficient and the most reliable, especially in Beijing. You never have to worry about the traffic, and delays almost never happen. The only problem is that you have to put up with all the pushing and shoving during rush hour.

When I'm travelling long distance, I prefer to take the high-speed trains. That is when I have the choice not to take the plane. Trains are out of the question when I'm travelling across the ocean. But when I'm travelling back and forth within China, I go for the high-speed trains most of the time, because they are a lot less hassle and the seats are more comfortable.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresourcesoral/essay/Describe%20a%20type%20of%20transport%20you%20like%20the%20most.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>
