docs/oral/essay/What do you do to keep yourself healthy.md, before:

# What do you do to keep yourself healthy
### Please include reasons and details in your explanation

## 翻译


## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
| - | - | - |
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读

I think a healthy life style consists of two parts, good diet and exercise.

We are what we eat. Our physique and well-being depend on the food that we put into our mouth. I try to eat as healthy as possible. That means more fresh ingredients, less processed food. And binging is definitely out of the question. Of course we all have cravings sometimes. For example, I allow myself to indulge and eat a hamburger on occasion, but it only happens a couple of times a year.

However, having a good diet alone isn't enough. Exercise is another key element in a healthy lifestyle. I go to the gym at least three times a week no matter how tired I am. It's painful process but always feel refreshed after working out. Furthermore, I find exercising a very good way to de-stree myself as well.

Well, that's how I keep myself healthy, by having a good balance between diet and exercise.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresourcesoral/essay/Waht%20do%20you%20do%20to%20keep%20yourself%20healthy.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>

Commit message:

What do you do to keep yourself healthy --add translate original--

docs/oral/essay/What do you do to keep yourself healthy.md, after:

# What do you do to keep yourself healthy

### Please include reasons and details in your explanation

## 翻译

I think a healthy life style consists of two parts, good diet and exercise.

We are what we eat. Our physique and well-being depend on the food that we put into our mouth. I try to eat as healthy as possible. That means more freash ingredients,
less processed food. And binging is definitely out of the question. Of course we all have cravings sometimes. For example, I allow myself to indulge and eat a hamburger on occasion, but it only happens a couple of time a year.

However, having a good diet alone isn't enough. Exercise is another key element in a healthy lifestyle. I go to the gym at least three times a week no matter how tired I am. It's painful process but always feel refreshed after working out. Furthermore, I find exercising a very good way to de-stress myself as well.

Well, that's how I keep myself healthy, by having a good balance between diet and exercise.

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
| - | - | - |
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读

I think a healthy life style consists of two parts, good diet and exercise.

We are what we eat. Our physique and well-being depend on the food that we put into our mouth. I try to eat as healthy as possible. That means more fresh ingredients, less processed food. And binging is definitely out of the question. Of course we all have cravings sometimes. For example, I allow myself to indulge and eat a hamburger on occasion, but it only happens a couple of times a year.

However, having a good diet alone isn't enough. Exercise is another key element in a healthy lifestyle. I go to the gym at least three times a week no matter how tired I am. It's painful process but always feel refreshed after working out. Furthermore, I find exercising a very good way to de-stress myself as well.

Well, that's how I keep myself healthy, by having a good balance between diet and exercise.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresourcesoral/essay/Waht%20do%20you%20do%20to%20keep%20yourself%20healthy.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>
