docs/english/2020/May/The Value of a Smile.md, before:

# 微笑的价值

### The Value of a Smile

## 翻译

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |


## 原文阅读

The value of a smile is priceless, yet it is the cheapest, easiest, most rewarding and most sincere gift to anyone that crosses your path.

A smile makes a person's day, anybody's day even a stranger's day.

A smile is infectious. Start infecting people with your smile today.

A smile is nature's best antidote for discouragement.

It brings rest to the weary, sunshine to those who are sad, and hope to those who are hopeless and defeated.

A smile is so valuable that it can't be bought, begged, borrowed, or taken away against your will.

You have to be willing to give a smile away before it can do anyone else any good.

So if someone is too tired or grumpy to flash you a smile, let him have one of yours anyway.

Nobody needs a smile as much as the person who has none to give.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2020/May/The%20Value%20of%20a%20Smile.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>

Commit message:

The Value of a Smile --add strange words&translate article--

docs/english/2020/May/The Value of a Smile.md, after:

# 微笑的价值

### The Value of a Smile

## 翻译

The value of a smile is priceless, yet it is the cheapest, easiest, most rewarding and most sincere gift to anyone that crosses your path.

A smile makes a person's day, anybody's day even a stranger's day.

A smile is infectious. Start infecting people with your smile today.

A smile is nature's best `antidote` for discouragement.

It brings rest to the `weary`, sunshine to those who are sad, and hope to those who are hopeless and defeated.

A smile is so valuable that it can't be bought, begged, borrowed, or taken away against your will.

You have to be willing to give a smile away before it can do anyone else any good.

So if someone is too tired or `grumpy` to flash you a smile, let him have one of yours anyway.

Nobody needs a smile as much as the person who has none to give.


## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| antidote | ˈæntidoʊt | n. [药]解毒剂、解药、矫正方法 |
| weary | ˈwɪri | adj. 疲倦的、厌烦的； v.疲倦、厌烦 |
| grumpy | ˈɡrʌmpi | adj. 脾气暴躁的、性情乖戾的； n. 脾气坏的人、爱抱怨的人 |


## 原文阅读

The value of a smile is priceless, yet it is the cheapest, easiest, most rewarding and most sincere gift to anyone that crosses your path.

A smile makes a person's day, anybody's day even a stranger's day.

A smile is infectious. Start infecting people with your smile today.

A smile is nature's best antidote for discouragement.

It brings rest to the weary, sunshine to those who are sad, and hope to those who are hopeless and defeated.

A smile is so valuable that it can't be bought, begged, borrowed, or taken away against your will.

You have to be willing to give a smile away before it can do anyone else any good.

So if someone is too tired or grumpy to flash you a smile, let him have one of yours anyway.

Nobody needs a smile as much as the person who has none to give.

<src-rtyAudio :src="'https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2020/May/The%20Value%20of%20a%20Smile.mp3'"></src-rtyAudio>
