docs/english/2020/October/How to stay calm under pressure.md, before:

# 如何在压力下保持冷静

### How to stay calm under pressure

>来源：[https://www.youtube.com/teded/featured](https://www.youtube.com/teded/featured)

## 原文阅读


## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| crucial | ˈkruːʃl | adj. 重要的、决定性的、定局的、决断的 |
| despite | dɪˈspaɪt | prep. 即使、尽管； n. 侮辱、伤害、轻视、鄙视； v. 蔑视、轻蔑 |
| intense | ɪnˈtens | adj. 强烈的、紧张的、非常的、热情的 |
| haunt | hɔːnt | v. 常出没于...、萦绕于...、出没、作祟； n. 栖息地、常去的地方 |
| contesttant | kənˈtestənt | n. 竞争者、争辩者 |
| intuitive | ɪnˈtuːɪtɪv | adj. 直觉的、凭直觉获知的 |
| boil down to | -- | 归结为 |
| distract | dɪˈstrækt | v. 转移、分心 |
| with nothing at stake | -- | 没有任何利害关系 |
| explicit | ɪkˈsplɪsɪt | adj. 明确的、清楚的、直率的、详述的 |
| monitor | ˈmɑːnɪtər | n. 监视器、监听器、监控器、显示屏、班长； v. 监控 |
| interfere | ˌɪntərˈfɪr | v. 干涉、妨碍、打扰； |
| accurate | ˈækjərət | adj. 精确的 |
| versus | ˈvɜːrsəs | prep. 对、对抗、与...相对 |
| acutely aware | -- | 清醒地意识到 |
| susceptible | səˈseptəbl | adj. 易受影响的、易感动的； n. 易得病的人 |
| extol | ɪkˈstoʊl | v. 颂扬、赞美、赞颂 |
| virtue | ˈvɜːrtʃuː |  n. 美德、优点、贞操、功效|
| sequence | ˈsiːkwəns | n. 序列、顺序、续发事件； v. 按顺序排好 |
| ritual | ˈrɪtʃuəl | n. 仪式、惯例、礼制； adj. 仪式的、例行的、礼节性的 |
| ultimate | ˈʌltɪmət | adj. 最终的、极限的、根本的； n. 终极、根本、基本原则 |

## 翻译

Your favorite athlete closes in for a victorious win. The crowd holds its breath, and at the `crucial` moment, she misses the shot. That competitor just experienced the phenomenon known as 'choking', where `despite` months, even years, of practice, a person fails right when it matters most.

Choking is common in sports, where performance often occurs under `intense` pressure, and depends on key moments. And yet, performance anxiety also `haunts` public speakers, `contestants` in spelling bees, and even world-famous musicians.

Most people `intuitively` blame it on their nerves, but why dose being nervous undermine expert performance? There are two sets of theories, which both say that primarily, choking under pressure `boils down to` focus.

First, there are the `distraction` theories. These suggest that performance suffers when the mind is preoccupied with worries, doubts, or fears, instead of focusing its attention on performing the task at hand. When relevant and irrelevant thoughts compete for the same attention, something has to give. The brain can only process so much information at once. Tasks that challenge working memory, the mental 'scratch pad' we use to temporarily store phone numbers and grocery lists, are especially vulnerable to pressure.

In a 2004 study, a group of university students were asked to perform math problems, some easy, others more complex and memory-intensive. Half the students completed both problem types `with nothing at stake`, while the others completed them when calm and under pressure. While everyone did well on the easy problems, those who were stressed performed worse on the more difficult memory-intensive tasks.

`Explicit` `monitoring` theories make up the second group of explanations for choking under pressure. They're concerned with how pressure can cause people to overanalyze the task at hand.

Here, the logic goes that once a skill becomes automatic, thinking about its precise mechanics `interferes` with your ability to do it. Tasks we do unconsciously seem to be most vulnerable to this kind of choking. A study on competitve golfers compared their performance when instructed simply focus on putting as `accurately` as possible, `versus` when they were primed to be `acutely aware` of the mechanics of their putting stroke. Golfers usually perform this action subconsciously, so those who suddenly tuned in to the precise details of their own moves, also became worse at making accurate shots.

Choking may not be inevitable for everyone though. Research suggests that some are more `susceptible` than others, especially those who are self-conscious, anxious, and afraid of being judged negatively by others. So how can we avoid choking when it really counts? First, it helps to practice under stressful conditions. In a study on expert dart players, researchers found that those who hadn't practiced under stress performed worse when anxious, compared to those who had become accustomed to pressure. Secondly, many performers `extol` the `virtues` of a pre-performance routine, whether it's taking a few deep breaths, repeating a cue word, or doing a rhythmic `sequence` of movements. Studies on golfing, bowling, and water polo find that short `rituals` can lead to more consistent and accurate performance under pressure. And thirdly, researchers have shown that having an external focus on the `ultimate` goal, works better than an internal focus, where someone is tuned into the mechanics of what they're doing.

A study of experienced golfers revealed that those who hit chip shots, while focused on the flight of the ball, performed significantly better than those who focused on the motion of their arms. So, perhaps we can modify that age-old saying: practice, under pressure, with focus and with that glorious end goal in sight, makes perfect. 

<src-rtyAudio :src="`https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2020/October/How%20to%20stay%20calm%20under%20pressure.mp3`"></src-rtyAudio>

Commit message:

add origin article --How to stay calm under pressure--

docs/english/2020/October/How to stay calm under pressure.md, after:

# 如何在压力下保持冷静

### How to stay calm under pressure

>来源：[https://www.youtube.com/teded/featured](https://www.youtube.com/teded/featured)

## 原文阅读
Your favorite athlete closes in for a victorious win. The crowd holds its breath, and at the crucial moment, she misses the shot. That competitot just experienced the phenomenon known as 'choking', where despite months, even years of practice, a person fails right when it matters most.

Choking is common in sports, where performance often occurs under intense pressure, and depends on key moments. And yet, performance anxiety also haunts public speakers, contestants in spelling bees, and even world-famous musicians.

Most people intuitively blame it on their nerves, but why does being nervous undermine expert performance? There are two sets of theories, which both say that primarily, choking under pressure boils down to focus.

First, there are the distraction theories. These suggest that performance suffers when the mind is preoccupied with worries, doubts, or fears, instead of focusing its attention on performing the task at hand. When relevant and irrelevant thoughts compete for the same attention, something has to give. The brain con only process so much information at once. Tasks that challenge working memory, the mental 'scratch pad' we use to temporarily store phone numbers and grocery lists. are especially vulnerable to pressure.

In a 2004 study, a group of university students were asked to perform math problems, some easy, others more complex and memory-intensive. Half the students completed both problem types with nothing at stake, while the others completed them when calm and under pressure. While everyone did well on the easy problems, those who were stressed performed worse on the more diffcult memory-intensive tasks.

Explicit monitoring theories make up the second group of explanations for choking under pressure. They're concerned with how pressure can cause people to overanalyze the task at hand.

Here, the logic gose that once a skill becomes automatic, thinking about its precise mechanics interferes with your ability to do it. Tasks we do unconsciously seem to be most vulnerable to this kind of choking. A study on competitve golfers compared their performance when instructed simply focus on putting as accurately as possible, versus when they were primed to be acutely aware of the mechanics of their putting stroke. Golfers usually perform this action subconsciously, so those who suddenly tuned in to the precise details of their own moves, also became worse at making accurate shots.

Choking may not be inevitable for everyone though. Research suggests that some are more susceptible than others, especially those who are self-conscious, anxious, and afraid of being judged negatively by others. So how can we avoid choking when it really counts? First, it helps to practice under stressful conditions. In a study on expert dart players, researchers found that those who hadn't practiced under stress performed worse when axious, compared to those who had become accustomed to pressure. Secondly, many performers extol the virtues of a pre-performance routine, whether is's taking a few deep breaths, repeating a cue word, or doing a rhythmic sequence of movements. Studies on golfing, bowling, and water polo find that short rituals can lead to more consistent and  accurate performance under pressure. And thirdly, researchers have shown that having an external focus, where someone is tuned into the mechanics of what they're doing.

A study of experienced golfers revealed that those who hit chip shots,  while focused on the flight of the ball, performed significantly better than those who focused on the motion of their arms. So, perhaps we can modify that age-old saying: practice, under pressure, with focus and with that glorious end goal in sight, makes perfect.

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| crucial | ˈkruːʃl | adj. 重要的、决定性的、定局的、决断的 |
| despite | dɪˈspaɪt | prep. 即使、尽管； n. 侮辱、伤害、轻视、鄙视； v. 蔑视、轻蔑 |
| intense | ɪnˈtens | adj. 强烈的、紧张的、非常的、热情的 |
| haunt | hɔːnt | v. 常出没于...、萦绕于...、出没、作祟； n. 栖息地、常去的地方 |
| contesttant | kənˈtestənt | n. 竞争者、争辩者 |
| intuitive | ɪnˈtuːɪtɪv | adj. 直觉的、凭直觉获知的 |
| boil down to | -- | 归结为 |
| distract | dɪˈstrækt | v. 转移、分心 |
| with nothing at stake | -- | 没有任何利害关系 |
| explicit | ɪkˈsplɪsɪt | adj. 明确的、清楚的、直率的、详述的 |
| monitor | ˈmɑːnɪtər | n. 监视器、监听器、监控器、显示屏、班长； v. 监控 |
| interfere | ˌɪntərˈfɪr | v. 干涉、妨碍、打扰； |
| accurate | ˈækjərət | adj. 精确的 |
| versus | ˈvɜːrsəs | prep. 对、对抗、与...相对 |
| acutely aware | -- | 清醒地意识到 |
| susceptible | səˈseptəbl | adj. 易受影响的、易感动的； n. 易得病的人 |
| extol | ɪkˈstoʊl | v. 颂扬、赞美、赞颂 |
| virtue | ˈvɜːrtʃuː |  n. 美德、优点、贞操、功效|
| sequence | ˈsiːkwəns | n. 序列、顺序、续发事件； v. 按顺序排好 |
| ritual | ˈrɪtʃuəl | n. 仪式、惯例、礼制； adj. 仪式的、例行的、礼节性的 |
| ultimate | ˈʌltɪmət | adj. 最终的、极限的、根本的； n. 终极、根本、基本原则 |

## 翻译

Your favorite athlete closes in for a victorious win. The crowd holds its breath, and at the `crucial` moment, she misses the shot. That competitor just experienced the phenomenon known as 'choking', where `despite` months, even years of practice, a person fails right when it matters most.

Choking is common in sports, where performance often occurs under `intense` pressure, and depends on key moments. And yet, performance anxiety also `haunts` public speakers, `contestants` in spelling bees, and even world-famous musicians.

Most people `intuitively` blame it on their nerves, but why dose being nervous undermine expert performance? There are two sets of theories, which both say that primarily, choking under pressure `boils down to` focus.

First, there are the `distraction` theories. These suggest that performance suffers when the mind is preoccupied with worries, doubts, or fears, instead of focusing its attention on performing the task at hand. When relevant and irrelevant thoughts compete for the same attention, something has to give. The brain can only process so much information at once. Tasks that challenge working memory, the mental 'scratch pad' we use to temporarily store phone numbers and grocery lists, are especially vulnerable to pressure.

In a 2004 study, a group of university students were asked to perform math problems, some easy, others more complex and memory-intensive. Half the students completed both problem types `with nothing at stake`, while the others completed them when calm and under pressure. While everyone did well on the easy problems, those who were stressed performed worse on the more difficult memory-intensive tasks.

`Explicit` `monitoring` theories make up the second group of explanations for choking under pressure. They're concerned with how pressure can cause people to overanalyze the task at hand.

Here, the logic goes that once a skill becomes automatic, thinking about its precise mechanics `interferes` with your ability to do it. Tasks we do unconsciously seem to be most vulnerable to this kind of choking. A study on competitve golfers compared their performance when instructed simply focus on putting as `accurately` as possible, `versus` when they were primed to be `acutely aware` of the mechanics of their putting stroke. Golfers usually perform this action subconsciously, so those who suddenly tuned in to the precise details of their own moves, also became worse at making accurate shots.

Choking may not be inevitable for everyone though. Research suggests that some are more `susceptible` than others, especially those who are self-conscious, anxious, and afraid of being judged negatively by others. So how can we avoid choking when it really counts? First, it helps to practice under stressful conditions. In a study on expert dart players, researchers found that those who hadn't practiced under stress performed worse when anxious, compared to those who had become accustomed to pressure. Secondly, many performers `extol` the `virtues` of a pre-performance routine, whether it's taking a few deep breaths, repeating a cue word, or doing a rhythmic `sequence` of movements. Studies on golfing, bowling, and water polo find that short `rituals` can lead to more consistent and accurate performance under pressure. And thirdly, researchers have shown that having an external focus on the `ultimate` goal, works better than an internal focus, where someone is tuned into the mechanics of what they're doing.

A study of experienced golfers revealed that those who hit chip shots, while focused on the flight of the ball, performed significantly better than those who focused on the motion of their arms. So, perhaps we can modify that age-old saying: practice, under pressure, with focus and with that glorious end goal in sight, makes perfect. 

<src-rtyAudio :src="`https://rtyxmd.gitee.io/rtyresources2020/October/How%20to%20stay%20calm%20under%20pressure.mp3`"></src-rtyAudio>
