docs/english/2018-November/世界的不平等及复杂（一）.md, before:

# 世界的不平等与复杂（一）
### World Inequality and Complexity （一）
>原文摘自NCE省心英语-美文

## 分段翻译

### Part 1 翻译

### Part 1 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读

What I remember above all about Harvard was being in the midst of so much energy and intelligence. It could be exhilarating, intimidating, sometimes even discouraging, but always challenging. It was an amazing privilege and though I left early, I was transformed by my years at Harvard, the friendships I made, and the ideas I worked on.

But taking a serious look back... I do have one big regret.

I left Harvard with no real awareness of the awful inequities in the world - the appalling disparities of health, and wealth, and opportunity that condemn millions of people to lives of despair.

I learned a lot here at Harvard about new ideas in economics and politics. I got great exposure to the advances being made in the sciences.

But humanity's greatest advances are not in its discoveries - but in how those discoveries are applied to reduce inequity. Whether through democracy, strong public education, quality health care, or broad economic opportunity - reducing inequity is the highest human achievement. I left campus knowing little about the millions of young people cheated out of educational opportunities here in this country. And I knew nothing anout the millions of people living in unspeakable poverty and disease in developing countries.

It took me decades to find out.

You graduates came to Harvard at a different time. You know more about the world's inequities than the classes that came before. In your years here, I hope you've had a chance to think about how - in this age of accelerating technology - we can finally take on these inequities, and we can solve the.

Imagine, just for the sake of discussion, that you had a few hours a week and a few dollars a month to donate to a cause - and you wanted to spend that time and money where it would have the greatest impact in saving and improving lives. Where would you spend it?

For Melinda and for me, the challenge is the same: how can we do the most good for the greatest number with the resources we have.

During our discussions on this question, Melinda and I read an article about the millions of children who were dying every year in poor countries from diseases that we had long ago made harmless in this coutry, measles, malaria, pneumonia, hepatitis B, yellow fever. One disease I had never even heard of, rotavirus, was killing half a million kids each year - none of them in the United States.

We were shocked. We had just assumed that if millions of children were dying and they could be saved, the world would make it a priority to discover and deliver the medicines to save them. But it did not. For under a dollar, there were interventions that could save lives that just weren't being delivered.

If you believe that every life has equal value, it's revolting to learn that some lives are seen as worth saving and others are not. We said to ourselves, "This can't be true. But if it is true, it deserves to be the priority of our giving."

So we began our work in the same way anyone here would begin it. We asked, "How could the world let these children die?"

The answer is simple, and harsh. The market did not reward saving the lives of these children, and governments did not subsidize it. So the children died because their mothers and their fathers had no power in the market and no voice in the system.

But you and I have both.

We can make market forces work better for the poor if we can develop a more creative capitalism - if we can stretch the reach of market forces so that more people can make a profit, or at least make a living, serving people who are suffering from the great inequities. We also can press governments around the world to spend taxpayer money in ways that better reflect the values of the people who pay the taxes.

Commit message:

World Inequality and Complexity --add Part 1 & Part 2--

docs/english/2018-November/世界的不平等及复杂（一）.md, after:

# 世界的不平等与复杂（一）
### World Inequality and Complexity （一）
>原文摘自NCE省心英语-美文

## 分段翻译

### Part 1 翻译

#### What I remember above all about Harvard was being in the midst of so much energy and `intelligence`. It could be `exhilarating`, `intimidating`, sometimes even discouraging, but always challenging. Is was an amazing `privilege` and though I left early, I was transformed by my years at Harvard, the friendships I made, and the ideas I worked on.

#### But taking a serious look back... I do have one big regret.
我对哈佛的印象是这里面充满了活力与智慧。这里的生活有时让人开心，让人惊讶，有时让人失望，但总是充满挑战。这是一个让人惊讶的地方，然而我早早的就离开了，在哈佛的岁月里，我建立的友谊和一些想法改变了我。

但是，认真回想起来，我很后悔一件事。

### Part 1 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| intelligence | ɪn'tɛlɪdʒəns | n. 智力、情报工作、天分 |
| exhilarate | ɪɡ'zɪləret | v. 使高兴、使振奋、使愉快 |
| intimidate | ɪn'tɪmɪdet | v. 恐吓、威胁、胁迫 |
| privilege | ˈprɪvəlɪdʒ | n. 特权、优待； v. 给予...特权、特免 |

### Part 2 翻译

I left Harvard with no real awareness of the `awful` `inequities` in the world - the `appalling` `disparities` of health, and wealth, and opportunity that `condemn` millions of people to lives of despair.

I learned a lot here at Harvard about new ideas in `economics` and `politics`. I got great `exposure` to the `advances` being made in the sciences.

### Part 2 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| awful | 'ɔfl | adj. 可怕的、极坏的 |
| inequity | ɪn'ɛkwəti | n. 不公平、不公正 |
| appal | ə'pɔl | v. 使惊骇、惊吓、减弱、变得苍白 |
| disparity | dɪ'spærəti | n. 不同、不一致、不等 |
| condemn | kən'dɛm | v. 谴责、判刑、定罪 |
| economic | ˌikəˈnɑmɪk | adj. 经济的、经济上的、经济学的 |
| politic | 'pɑlətɪk | adj. 精明的、有策略的、政治的； v. 拉选票 |
| exposure | ɪk'spoʒɚ | n. 暴露、曝光、揭露、陈列 |
| advance | əd'væns | n. 发展、前进、增长、预付款； v. 前进、进展； adj. 预先的、现行的 |

## 原文阅读

What I remember above all about Harvard was being in the midst of so much energy and intelligence. It could be exhilarating, intimidating, sometimes even discouraging, but always challenging. It was an amazing privilege and though I left early, I was transformed by my years at Harvard, the friendships I made, and the ideas I worked on.

But taking a serious look back... I do have one big regret.

I left Harvard with no real awareness of the awful inequities in the world - the appalling disparities of health, and wealth, and opportunity that condemn millions of people to lives of despair.

I learned a lot here at Harvard about new ideas in economics and politics. I got great exposure to the advances being made in the sciences.

But humanity's greatest advances are not in its discoveries - but in how those discoveries are applied to reduce inequity. Whether through democracy, strong public education, quality health care, or broad economic opportunity - reducing inequity is the highest human achievement. I left campus knowing little about the millions of young people cheated out of educational opportunities here in this country. And I knew nothing anout the millions of people living in unspeakable poverty and disease in developing countries.

It took me decades to find out.

You graduates came to Harvard at a different time. You know more about the world's inequities than the classes that came before. In your years here, I hope you've had a chance to think about how - in this age of accelerating technology - we can finally take on these inequities, and we can solve the.

Imagine, just for the sake of discussion, that you had a few hours a week and a few dollars a month to donate to a cause - and you wanted to spend that time and money where it would have the greatest impact in saving and improving lives. Where would you spend it?

For Melinda and for me, the challenge is the same: how can we do the most good for the greatest number with the resources we have.

During our discussions on this question, Melinda and I read an article about the millions of children who were dying every year in poor countries from diseases that we had long ago made harmless in this coutry, measles, malaria, pneumonia, hepatitis B, yellow fever. One disease I had never even heard of, rotavirus, was killing half a million kids each year - none of them in the United States.

We were shocked. We had just assumed that if millions of children were dying and they could be saved, the world would make it a priority to discover and deliver the medicines to save them. But it did not. For under a dollar, there were interventions that could save lives that just weren't being delivered.

If you believe that every life has equal value, it's revolting to learn that some lives are seen as worth saving and others are not. We said to ourselves, "This can't be true. But if it is true, it deserves to be the priority of our giving."

So we began our work in the same way anyone here would begin it. We asked, "How could the world let these children die?"

The answer is simple, and harsh. The market did not reward saving the lives of these children, and governments did not subsidize it. So the children died because their mothers and their fathers had no power in the market and no voice in the system.

But you and I have both.

We can make market forces work better for the poor if we can develop a more creative capitalism - if we can stretch the reach of market forces so that more people can make a profit, or at least make a living, serving people who are suffering from the great inequities. We also can press governments around the world to spend taxpayer money in ways that better reflect the values of the people who pay the taxes.
