# 世界的不平等及复杂（二）
### World Inequality and Complexity （二）
>原文摘自NCE省心英语-美文

## 分段翻译

### Part 1 翻译

#### Should our best minds be `dedicated` to solving our biggest problems?

#### Should Harvard encourage its `faculty` to take on the world's `worst` inequities? Should Harvard students learn about the `depth` of global `poverty`, the `prevalence` of world hunger, the `scarcity` of clean water, the girls kept out of school, the children who die from diseases we can cure?

#### Should the world's most `privileged` people learn about the lives of the world's least privileged?

#### These are not `rhetorical` questions - you will answer with your `policies`.
我们最顶尖的智慧是否在解决我们最大的问题？

哈佛是否鼓励全体教员致力于解决世界上最差的不平等？哈佛的学生是否了解全球性的贫穷，世界上普遍的饥荒，水资源的匮乏，不能上学的女孩们、还有那些能够被治疗却死于疾病的儿童。

那些世界上最有权利的人是否了解在底层的人的生活？

这些问题并不夸张，你们可以根据你们的见解回答。

### Part 1 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| dedicate | 'dɛdɪket | v. 致力、献身 |
| faculty | ˈfækəlti | n. 科、系、能力、全体教员 |
| worst | wɜrst | n. 最坏、最坏的时候； adj. 最坏的、最差的、效率最低的； |
| depth | dɛpθ | n. 深度、深奥 |
| poverty | 'pɑvɚti | n. 贫穷、困难、缺少 |
| prevalence | 'prɛvələns | n. 流行、普遍、广泛 |
| scarcity | 'skɛrsəti | n. 不足、缺乏 |
| privilege | ˈprɪvəlɪdʒ | n. 特权、优待； v. 给予...特权、特免 |
| rhetorical | rɪ'tɔrɪkl | adj. 修辞的、修辞学的、夸张的 |
| policy | 'pɑləsi | n. 政策、方针、保险单 |

### Part 2 翻译

My mother who was filled with pride the day I was admitted here - never stopped pressing me to do more for others. A few days before my wedding, she `hosted` a `bridal` event, at which she read aloud a letter about marriage that she had written to Melinda. My mother was very ill with cancer at the time, but she saw one more opportunity to deliver her message, and at the close of the letter she said, "From those to whom much is given, much is `expected`."

When you consider what those of us here in this yard have been given - in talent, privilege, and opportunity - there is almost no limit to what the world has a right to expect from us.

In line with the promise of this age, I want to `exhort` each of the graduates here to take on an issue - a complex problem, a deep inequity, and become a `specialist` on it. If you make it the focus of your `career`, that would be `phenomenal`. But you don't have to do that to make an `impact`. For a few hours every week, you can use the growing power of the internet to get informed, find others with the same interests, see the `barriers`, and find ways to cut through them.

### Part 2 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| host | host | n. 主机、主人、主持人； v. 主持、当主人招待 |
| bridal | 'braɪdl | n. 婚礼； adj. 新娘的、婚礼的 |
| expect | ɪk'spɛkt | v. 期望、指望、认为、期待 |
| exhort | ɪɡ'zɔrt | v. 忠告、劝诫、劝告 |
| specialist | spɛʃəlɪst | n. 专家、专门医师； adj. 专家的、专业的 |
| career | kə'rɪr | n. 生涯、职业、事业、速度； adj. 作为毕生职业的； v. 全速前进、猛冲 |
| phenomenal | fɪ'nɒmɪn | adj. 现象的、显著的、异常的 |
| impact | ɪm'pækt | n. 影响、效果、碰撞； v. 挤入、压紧、撞击 |
| barriers | bærɪr | n. 障碍、篱笆墙 |

### Part 3 翻译

Don't let complexity stop you. Be activists. Take on the big inequities. It will be one of the great experiences of your lives.

You graduates are coming of age in an amazing time. As you leave Harvard, you have technology that members of my class never had. You have awareness of global inequity, which we did not have. And with that awareness, you likely also have an informed `conscience` that will `torment` you if you `abandon` these people whose lives you could change with very little `effort`. You have more than we had; you must start sooner, and carry on longer.

Knowing what you know, how could you not?

And I hope you will come back here to Harvard 30 years from now and reflect on that you have done with your talent and your energy. I hope you will judge yourselves not on your professional accomplishments alone, but also on how well you have addressed the world's deepest inequities, on how well you treated people a world away who have nothing in common with you but their humanity.

### Part 3 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| conscience | ˈkɑːnʃəns | n. 道德心、良心 |
| torment | 'tɔrmɛnt | v. 折磨、使痛苦、纠缠； n. 痛苦、苦恼 |
| abandon | ə'bændən | n. 放任、狂热； v. 遗弃、放弃 |
| effort | 'ɛfɚt | n. 努力、成就 |

## 原文阅读

Should our best minds be dedicated to solving our biggest problems?

Should Harvard encourage its faculty to take on the world's worst inequities? Should Harvard students learn about the depth of global poverty, the prevalence of world hunger, the scarcity of clean water, the girls kept out of school, the children who die from diseases we can cure?

Should the world's most privileged people learn about the lives of the world's least privileged?

These are not rhetorical questions - you will answer with your policies.

My mother who was filled with pride the day I was admitted here - never stopped pressing me to do more for others. A few days before my wedding, she hosted a bridal event, at which she read aloud a letter about marriage that she had written to Melinda. My mother was very ill with cancer at the time, but she saw one more opportunity to deliver her message, and at the close of the letter she said, "From those to whom much is given, much is expected."

When you consider what those of us here in this yard have been given - in talent, privilege, and opportunity - there is almost no limit to what the world has a right to expect from us.

In line with the promise of this age, I want to exhort each of the graduates here to take on an issue - a complex problem, a deep inequity, and become a specialist on it. If you make it the focus of your career, that would be phenomenal. But you don't have to do that to make an impact. For a few hours every week, you can use the growing power of the internet to get informed, find others with the same interests, see the barriers, and find ways to cut through them.

Don't let complexity stop you. Be activists. Take on the big inequities. It will be one of the great experiences of your lives.

You graduates are coming of age in an amazing time. As you leave Harvard, you have technology that members of my class never had. You have awareness of global inequity, which we did not have. And with that awareness, you likely also have an informed conscience that will torment you if you abandon these people whose lives you could change with very little effort. You have more than we had; you must start sooner, and carry on longer.

Knowing what you know, how could you not?

And I hope you will come back here to Harvard 30 years from now and reflect on what you have done with your talent and your energy. I hope you will judge yourselves not on your professional accomplishments alone, but also on how well you have addressed the world's deepest inequities, on how well you treated people a world away who have nothing in common with you but their humanity.