# 及时行乐
### Seize the Day
>原文摘自NCE省心英语-美文

## 分段翻译

### Part 1 翻译

#### We `convince` ourselves that life will be better after we get married, have a baby, then another. Then we are `frustrated` that the kids aren't old enough and we'll be more content when they are. After that we're frustrated that we have `teenagers` to deal with. We will certainly be happy when they are out of that stage. We tell ourselves that our life will be complete when our `spouse` gets his or her act together, when we get a nicer car, when we are able to goon a nice vacation, when we retire.

#### The truth is, there's no better time to be happy than right now.
我们尝试说服自己，当我们结了婚之后，生活就会变得更好。在那之后，我们会为孩子还不够大而烦恼，如果他们再长大一点我们就满足了。然后我们会为孩子到了叛逆期而烦恼。我们觉得当孩子过了那个年纪，我们就能高兴点了。

### Part 1 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| convince | kən'vɪns | v. 说服、使信服 |
| frustrate | 'frʌstret | v. 失败、受挫； adj. 挫败的、无益的 |
| teenager | 'tinedʒɚ | n. 十几岁的青少年 |
| spouse | spaʊs | n. 配偶； v. 和...结婚 |

## 原文阅读

We convince ourselves that life will be better after we get married, have a baby, then another. Then we are frustrated that the kids aren't old enough and we'll be more content when they are. After that we're frustrated that we have teenagers to deal with. We will certainly be happy when they are out of that stage. We tell ourselves that our life will be complete when our spouse gets his or her act together, when we get a nicer car, when we are able to goon a nice vacation, when we retire.

The truth is, there's no better time to be happy than right now.

Your life will always be filled with challenges. It's best to admit this to yourself and decide to be happy anyway. One of my favorite quotes comes from Alfred D Souza. He said, "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin-real life. But there were always some obstacles in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished business, time still to be served, a debt to be paid. Then life would begin. At last it dawned on me that these obstacles were my life."

This perspective has helped me to see that there is no way to happiness.Happiness is the way. So, treasure every moment that you have.

Stop waiting until you finish school, until you go back to school, until you lose ten pounds, until you gain ten pounds, until you have kids, until you start work, until you retire, until you get married, until you get divorced, until Friday night, until Sunday morning, until you get a new car or home, until your car or home is paid off, until spring, until summer, until fall, until winter, until you are off welfare, until the first or fifteenth, until your song comes on, until you've had a drink, until you've sobered up, until you die, until you are born again to decide that there is no better time than right now to be happy. 