# 人生的意义
### The Meaning of Life
>原文摘自NCE省心英语-美文

## 分段翻译

### Part 1 翻译

Life isn't about keeping score. It's not about how many friends you have, or how many people call you, or how accepted or unaccepted you are, not about if you have plans this weekend, or if you're alone. It isn't about who you're dating, who you used to date, how many people you've dated, or if you haven't been with anyone at all. It isn't about who your families are or how much money they have, or what kind of car you drive, or which school you're sent to.

It's not about how beautiful or ugly you are, or what clothes you wear, what shoes you have on, or what kind of music you listen to. It's not about if your hair is `blonde`, red, black, brown, or green, or if your skin is too light or too dark.

It's not about what grades you get, how smart you are, how smart everyone else thinks you are, or how smart standardize tests say you are, or if this teacher likes you, or if this guy or girl likes you, or what clubs you're in, or how good you are at 'your' sport. It's not about `representing` your whole being on a piece of paper and seeing who will 'accept the written you'.

### Part 1 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| blonde | blɑnd | adj. 亚麻色的、金色的、白肤金发碧眼； n. 白肤金发碧眼的女人 |
| represent | rɛprɪ'zɛnt | v. 代表、表现、描绘、提议 |

### Part 2 翻译

But life is about whom you love and whom you hurt. It's about whom you make happy or unhappy `purposefully`. It's about keeping or `betraying` trust. It's about friendship, used as `sanctity`, or as a weapon. It's about what you say and mean, maybe hurtful, maybe hearting, about starting `rumors` and contributing to petty `gossip`. It's about what judgments you pass and why, and who your judgments are `spread` to.

But most of all, it's about using your life to touch or `poison` other people's hearts in such a way that could never `occurred` alone. Only you choose the way those hearts are affected and those choices are what life is all about.

### Part 2 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
| purpose | 'pɝpəs | n. 目的、用途、意志； v. 决心、企图、打算 |
| betray | bɪ'tre | v. 背叛、出卖、泄露...秘密 |
| sanctity | 'sæŋktəti | n. 圣洁、尊严、神圣不可侵犯性 |
| rumor | 'rʊmɚ | n. 谣言、传闻； v. 谣言、传说 |
| gossip | 'ɡɑsɪp | n. 小道传闻、随笔； v. 闲聊、传播流言蜚语 |
| spread | sprɛd | v. 传播、伸展； n. 传播、伸展； adj. 伸展的 |
| poison | 'pɔɪzn | v. 污染、使中毒、败坏、阻碍、下毒； n. 毒药、毒物、酒 |
| occur | ə'kɝ | v. 发生、出现、存在 |

## 原文阅读
Life isn't about keeping score. It's not about how many friends you have, or how many people call you, or how accepted or un accepted you are, not about if you have plans this weekend, or if you're alone. It isn't about who you're dating, who you used to date, how many people you've dated, or if you haven't been with anyone at all. It isn't about who your families are or how much money they have, or what kind of car you drive, or which school you're sent to.

It's not about how beautiful or ugly you are, or what clothes you wear, what shoes you have on, or what kind of music you listen to. It's not about if your hair is blonde, red, black, brown, or green, or if your skin is too light or too dark.

It's not about what grades you get, how smart you are, how smart everyone else thinks you are, or how smart standardized tests say you are, or if this teacher likes you, or if this guy or girl likes you, or what clubs you're in, or how good you are at 'your' sport. It's not about representing your whole being on a piece of paper and seeing who will 'accept the written you'.

But life is about whom you love and whom you hurt. It's about whom you make happy or unhappy purposefully. It's about keeping or betraying trust. It's about friendship, used as sanctity, or as a weapon. It's about what you say and mean, maybe hurtful, maybe hearting, about starting rumors and contributing to petty gossip. It's about what judgments you pass and why, and who your judgments are spread to.

But most of all, it's about using your life to touch or poison other people's hearts in such a way that could never occurred alone. Only you choose the way those hearts are affected and those choices are what life is all about.