docs/english/2019-June/自由女神像.md, before:

# 自由女神像
### The Statue of Liberty

<audio id="audio" loop controls="" controlsList="nodownload" oncontextmenu="return false" preload="none">
    <source id="mp3" src="../audio/2019-June/The Statue of Liberty.mp3">
</audio>

## 翻译

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读

Located in New York Harbor, the Statue of Liberty is one of the most recognizable landmarks in the world.

But what is it doing there? And where did it come from?

Officially called "Liberty Enlightening the World", the Statue of Liberty was a gift to America from the French in 1886 as a representation of international friendship.

But its story really began more than 20 years earlier in 1865 when Frenchman Edouard de Laboulaye proposed that France should create a monument for the United States.

It would be a long time before Laboulaye's dream was realized.

It wasn't until ten years later that the sculptor Auguste Bartholdi was commissioned to design the statue.

The American people agreed to pay for the pedestal for the statue to stand on, while the French people would fund the Statue of Liberty itself, but raising enough money was difficult.

The statue was completed in France in 1884, almost ten years after it was commissioned, but the pedestal wasn't finished for another two years, in April of 1886.

The statue was transported in 350 individual pieces which were packed in 214 separate crates.

Once the pedestal was completed, it took four months to reassemble the statue.

Finally, on October 28, 1886, President Grover Cleveland dedicated the Statue of Liberty, an event celebrated by bands, parades, speeches, and fireworks.

The Statue of Liberty quickly became a famous landmark.

For many immigrants who came to the United States through New York, it was their first sight of their new country.

For others, it symbolized the idea of Freedom that America was built on.

Commit message:

The Statue of Liberty --add translate original--

docs/english/2019-June/自由女神像.md, after:

# 自由女神像
### The Statue of Liberty

<audio id="audio" loop controls="" controlsList="nodownload" oncontextmenu="return false" preload="none">
    <source id="mp3" src="../audio/2019-June/The Statue of Liberty.mp3">
</audio>

## 翻译

Located in New York Harbor, the Statue of Liberty is one of the most recognizable landmarks in the world.

But what is it doing there? And where did it come from?

Officially called "Liberty Enlightening the World", the Statue of Liberty was a gift to America from the French in 1886 as a representation of international friendship.

But its story really began more than 20 years earlier in 1865 when Frenchman Edouard de Laboulaye proposed that France should create a monument for the United States.

It would be a long time before Laboulaye's dream was realized.

It wan's until ten years later that the sculptor Auguste Bartholdi was commissioned to design the statue.

The American people agreed to pay for the pedestal for the statue to stand on, while the French people would fund the Statue of Liberty itself, but raising enough money was difficult.

The statue was completed in French in 1884, almost ten years after it was commissioned, but the pedestal wasn't finished for another two years, in April of 1886.

The statue was transported in 350 individual pieces which were packed in 214 separate crates.

Once the pedestal was completed, it took four months to reassemble the statue.

Finally, on October 28, 1886, President Grover Cleveland dedicated the Statue of Liberty, an event celebrated by bands, parades, speeches, and fireworks.

The Statue of Liberty quickly became a famous landmark.

For many immigrants who came to the United States through New York, it was their first sight of their new country.

For others, it symbolized the idea of Freedom that America was built on.

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读

Located in New York Harbor, the Statue of Liberty is one of the most recognizable landmarks in the world.

But what is it doing there? And where did it come from?

Officially called "Liberty Enlightening the World", the Statue of Liberty was a gift to America from the French in 1886 as a representation of international friendship.

But its story really began more than 20 years earlier in 1865 when Frenchman Edouard de Laboulaye proposed that France should create a monument for the United States.

It would be a long time before Laboulaye's dream was realized.

It wasn't until ten years later that the sculptor Auguste Bartholdi was commissioned to design the statue.

The American people agreed to pay for the pedestal for the statue to stand on, while the French people would fund the Statue of Liberty itself, but raising enough money was difficult.

The statue was completed in France in 1884, almost ten years after it was commissioned, but the pedestal wasn't finished for another two years, in April of 1886.

The statue was transported in 350 individual pieces which were packed in 214 separate crates.

Once the pedestal was completed, it took four months to reassemble the statue.

Finally, on October 28, 1886, President Grover Cleveland dedicated the Statue of Liberty, an event celebrated by bands, parades, speeches, and fireworks.

The Statue of Liberty quickly became a famous landmark.

For many immigrants who came to the United States through New York, it was their first sight of their new country.

For others, it symbolized the idea of Freedom that America was built on.
