# 威廉王子中国演讲 1
### Protecting Natural Heritage 
>保护自然遗产

>剑桥公爵威廉王子是王储威尔士亲王查尔斯与原配妻子戴安娜王妃的长子，仅次于自己的父亲，是英国王位第二号继承人。2015年，他受邀参与录制央视《开讲啦》，发表演讲呼吁人们关注非洲盗猎。

<audio id="audio" controls="" controlsList="nodownload" oncontextmenu="return false" preload="none">
    <source id="mp3" src="../audio/2019-May/Protecting Natural Heritage.mp3">
</audio>

## 翻译

## 生词统计
| 单词 | 音标 | 翻译 |
|-|-|-|
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |

## 原文阅读
Ladies and Gentlemen.

Never before have we had so many different ways to talk to one another.

In the distant past, written documents would be carried by hand across thousands of miles from China to Western Europe.

Today, we access knowledge from all over the world, through our mibile phones and at a tap of the key.

Wherever you are watching this program, whether in this hall, at work, with your friends, or at home with your familys.

Thank you for welcoming me into your homes.

Many of the most important conversations we have in our lives take place in the family home.

The home is where we learn from our parents and grandparents, teach our own children, and share our stories and hopes for the future.

It is where many of our ideas and values are first kindled.

In that spirit, there is one subject I believe we have to discuss, around our family tables and across the generations.

It concerns the future, and I know the Chinese are a far-sighted people.

It concerns particularly the environment, and I know that protecting China's rich and beautiful natural heritage is important to all Chinese families.

It is the mass destruction and trafficking of iconic endangered species.

And it is time to talk about the growing human demand for illegal wildlife products that drive the trade and makes it profitable.